Alicja xxx make update dataset attrs compatible for other crs (#875)
dcs4cop/xcube: CHANGES.md

* Updated AppVeyor and GitHub workflow configurations to use micromamba rather
  than mamba (#785)
* `update_dataset_attrs` can now also handle datasets with CRS other than 

>   WGS84 and update the metadata according to CF conventions. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  WGS84 and update the metadata according to the 
  [ESIP Attribute Convention for Data Discovery](https://wiki.esipfed.org/Attribute_Convention_for_Data_Discovery_1-3#Recommended). 
```
